FastSpeech/README.md, before:

# FastSpeech For PyTorch and TensorRT

Most of the files in this folder are from [Nvidia’s Deep Learning Examples repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DeepLearningExamples/tree/master/CUDA-Optimized/FastSpeech). It was cloned from there on 2023/03/20. Additional files have been added to this repository to create a Singularity container that can be used to train the FastSpeech model and helper scripts to run and log the outputs of training the model when launching the Docker container in a Kubernetes environment. For the specifics of how this implementation of the FastSpeech model works please refer to Nvidia’s repository. The goal of this repository is to provide a framework for benchmarking the performance of GPU hardware by training Machine Learning algorithms.

## Table Of Contents
- [Release notes](#release-notes)
    * [Changelog](#changelog)
    * [Known issues](#known-issues)

## Release notes

### Changelog
2023/05/12
- Updated to use ARCC's fork of [memprof.](https://github.com/WyoARCC/memprof)
- Updated to use a shared dataset with other TTS benchmarks in this repo.

2023/04/07:
- Added support for tracking resource utilization using [memprof](https://github.com/IGBIllinois/memprof) and [gpustat](https://github.com/wookayin/gpustat).

2023/03/27:
- Initial commit

### Known issues

There are no known issues in this release.

Commit message:

Updated run_test.sh files to adjust output format.

FastSpeech/README.md, after:

# FastSpeech For PyTorch and TensorRT

Most of the files in this folder are from [Nvidia’s Deep Learning Examples repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DeepLearningExamples/tree/master/CUDA-Optimized/FastSpeech). It was cloned from there on 2023/03/20. Additional files have been added to this repository to create a Singularity container that can be used to train the FastSpeech model and helper scripts to run and log the outputs of training the model when launching the Docker container in a Kubernetes environment. For the specifics of how this implementation of the FastSpeech model works please refer to Nvidia’s repository. The goal of this repository is to provide a framework for benchmarking the performance of GPU hardware by training Machine Learning algorithms.

## Table Of Contents
- [Release notes](#release-notes)
    * [Changelog](#changelog)
    * [Known issues](#known-issues)

## Release notes

### Changelog
2023/05/15
- Added additional headings to run_test.sh to help with searching through the output.
- Updated run_test.sh to stop incase of a step failing.

2023/05/12
- Updated to use ARCC's fork of [memprof.](https://github.com/WyoARCC/memprof)
- Updated to use a shared dataset with other TTS benchmarks in this repo.

2023/04/07
- Added support for tracking resource utilization using [memprof](https://github.com/IGBIllinois/memprof) and [gpustat](https://github.com/wookayin/gpustat).

2023/03/27
- Initial commit

### Known issues

There are no known issues in this release.
